Aidan Roberts


Journalist
Email: arober22@terpmail.umd.edu
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aidan-roberts-4230331a8/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/aidanrir
Github: https://github.com/Arober22
I am a journalist based at the University of Maryland in College Park, Maryland. I have experience working production, beat-writing for University sports teams such as the Baseball and Women's basketball team, as well as publication coverage of former Maryland players who are currently in the NFL.

Experience:

Women's Basketball Beat Writer, Baseball Writer Beat Writer, and General Assignment Writer

Testudo Times

November 2019 – January 2021

Wrote and edited feature-length articles about the Baseball and Volleyball teams I authored multiple daily updates on all University sports in “Maryland Minute” articles. I interviewed players and coaches for daily stories and features. I utilized social media and advanced statistical information to drive fan engagement and disseminate breaking news to the public

Head Bar Back

R.J. Bentley's Filling Station

June 2020 – September 2020

I developed leadership and collaboration skills in a fast paced, high intensity environment, while coordinating and communicating responsibilities to other employees. I cleared tables, restocked bar items, and thoroughly cleaned the restaurant in accordance with COVID guidelines dictated by the local health department.

Co-Curricular Activities

Active Member and Researcher

Preventing Sexual Assault (PSA) at University of Maryland

August 2020-Present

I researched information and interviewed professionals on rape kit accessibility and data Contributed to reports to be presented to University President Darryl Pines.

Philanthropy Chair, Social Media Manager

Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Maryland Beta Chapter

April 2019 – Present

I lead fundraising efforts for St. Jude’s Children’s Research Hospital. I also established, updated, and maintained all social media platforms for Sigma Alpha Epsilon.

Skills

I have proficiency in Microsoft Office, Adobe Premier, and Chorus.

Volunteer Experience

I have volunteered with Children’s Miracle Network, Terps for Animal Wellness, and Bread of Life Food Pantry.

Interests

My interests include Cooking, listening to Classic Rock, and Bodybuilding.
